then for the men of kiriath jearim came
then for the men of kiriath jearim came and took the Ark of the Lord and brought
and took the Ark of the Lord and brought
and took the Ark of the Lord and brought it into the house of abinadab on the
it into the house of abinadab on the
it into the house of abinadab on the hill and consecrated Eliezer his son to
hill and consecrated Eliezer his son to
hill and consecrated Eliezer his son to keep the Ark of the Lord so it was that
keep the Ark of the Lord so it was that
keep the Ark of the Lord so it was that the Ark remained in kiriath-jearim a
the Ark remained in kiriath-jearim a
the Ark remained in kiriath-jearim a long time it was there 20 years and all
long time it was there 20 years and all
long time it was there 20 years and all the house of Israel lamented after the
the house of Israel lamented after the
the house of Israel lamented after the Lord then samuel spoke to all the house
Lord then samuel spoke to all the house
Lord then samuel spoke to all the house of israel if you return to the Lord with
of israel if you return to the Lord with
of israel if you return to the Lord with all your hearts then put away the
all your hearts then put away the
all your hearts then put away the foreign gods and the ashteroth
foreign gods and the ashteroth
foreign gods and the ashteroth from among you and prepare your hearts
from among you and prepare your hearts
from among you and prepare your hearts for the Lord and serve him only and he
for the Lord and serve him only and he
for the Lord and serve him only and he will deliver you from the hand of the
will deliver you from the hand of the
will deliver you from the hand of the Philistines so the children of Israel
Philistines so the children of Israel
Philistines so the children of Israel put away the bales and the ashteroth and
put away the bales and the ashteroth and
put away the bales and the ashteroth and served the Lord only and Samuel said
served the Lord only and Samuel said
served the Lord only and Samuel said gather all Israel to Misbah and I will
gather all Israel to Misbah and I will
gather all Israel to Misbah and I will pray to the Lord for you so they
pray to the Lord for you so they
pray to the Lord for you so they gathered together at Misbah
gathered together at Misbah
gathered together at Misbah drew water and poured it out before the
drew water and poured it out before the
drew water and poured it out before the law and they fasted that day and said
law and they fasted that day and said
law and they fasted that day and said there we have sinned against the Lord
there we have sinned against the Lord
there we have sinned against the Lord and Samuel judged the children of Israel
and Samuel judged the children of Israel
and Samuel judged the children of Israel at Misbah now when the Philistines heard
at Misbah now when the Philistines heard
at Misbah now when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel had gathered
that the children of Israel had gathered
that the children of Israel had gathered together at Mizpah the Lords of the
together at Mizpah the Lords of the
together at Mizpah the Lords of the Philistines went up against Israel and
Philistines went up against Israel and
Philistines went up against Israel and when the children of Israel heard of it
when the children of Israel heard of it
when the children of Israel heard of it they were afraid of the Philistines so
they were afraid of the Philistines so
they were afraid of the Philistines so the children of Israel said to Samuel do
the children of Israel said to Samuel do
the children of Israel said to Samuel do not cease to cry out to the Lord our God
not cease to cry out to the Lord our God
not cease to cry out to the Lord our God for us that he may save us from the hand
for us that he may save us from the hand
for us that he may save us from the hand of the Philistines and Samuel took a
of the Philistines and Samuel took a
of the Philistines and Samuel took a suckling lamb and offered it as a whole
suckling lamb and offered it as a whole
suckling lamb and offered it as a whole burnt offering to the Lord
burnt offering to the Lord
burnt offering to the Lord then Samuel cried out to the Lord for
then Samuel cried out to the Lord for
then Samuel cried out to the Lord for Israel and the Lord answered him now as
Israel and the Lord answered him now as
Israel and the Lord answered him now as Samuel was offering up the burnt
Samuel was offering up the burnt
Samuel was offering up the burnt offering the Philistines drew near to
offering the Philistines drew near to
offering the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel but the Lord
battle against Israel but the Lord
battle against Israel but the Lord thundered with a loud thunder upon the
thundered with a loud thunder upon the
thundered with a loud thunder upon the Philistines that dead and so confused
Philistines that dead and so confused
Philistines that dead and so confused them but they were overcome before
them but they were overcome before
them but they were overcome before Israel and the man of Israel went out of
Israel and the man of Israel went out of
Israel and the man of Israel went out of miss Bella and pursued the Philistines
miss Bella and pursued the Philistines
miss Bella and pursued the Philistines and drove them back as far as below
and drove them back as far as below
and drove them back as far as below Beth car and Samuel took a stone and set
Beth car and Samuel took a stone and set
Beth car and Samuel took a stone and set it up between misper and Shem and called
it up between misper and Shem and called
it up between misper and Shem and called it's named Ebenezer thus far the Lord
it's named Ebenezer thus far the Lord
it's named Ebenezer thus far the Lord has helped us so the Philistines were
has helped us so the Philistines were
has helped us so the Philistines were subdued and they did not come any more
subdued and they did not come any more
subdued and they did not come any more into the territory of Israel and the
into the territory of Israel and the
into the territory of Israel and the hand of the Lord was against the
hand of the Lord was against the
hand of the Lord was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel then
Philistines all the days of Samuel then
Philistines all the days of Samuel then the cities which the Philistines had
the cities which the Philistines had
the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to
taken from Israel were restored to
taken from Israel were restored to Israel from ekron to Gath and Israel
Israel from ekron to Gath and Israel
Israel from ekron to Gath and Israel recovered its territory from the hands
recovered its territory from the hands
recovered its territory from the hands of the Philistines also there was peace
of the Philistines also there was peace
of the Philistines also there was peace between Israel and the amorite and
between Israel and the amorite and
between Israel and the amorite and Samuel judged Israel all the days of his
Samuel judged Israel all the days of his
Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life he went from year to year on a
life he went from year to year on a
life he went from year to year on a circuit to Bethel Gilgo and Mizpah and
circuit to Bethel Gilgo and Mizpah and
circuit to Bethel Gilgo and Mizpah and judged Israel in all those places but he
judged Israel in all those places but he
judged Israel in all those places but he always returned to Rhema for his home
always returned to Rhema for his home
always returned to Rhema for his home was there there he judged Israel and
was there there he judged Israel and
was there there he judged Israel and there he built an altar to the Lord
there he built an altar to the Lord
there he built an altar to the Lord [Music]